>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So how do we do global
intercepts, intercept handlers in NG2?
That is a good question and,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I honestly don't know.
So the idea of an HTTP interceptor in
Angular 1 does not exist in Angular 2.
So I do not think, this is something
I'll have to get back to you on.
Cuz I've asked about it and
it's just like no good way.
>> Speaker 2: Well I see
your handler function and
it occurs to me you can probably
inject a service to handle that.
And then just delegate it to a service and
have it put up your toaster or
whatever you wanted to show.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So with Angular 1 it
was handy because you actually could do
aspect oriented programming and
like crosscut across everything.
But don't hold me to that.
On thursday we're doing
an authorization or
secure webapp, an authorization work shop.
And I would wager Ryan knows all about it.
So Dale, come back on Thursday,
and we'll let Ryan.
Yes, Dale, I see you.
You could've just asked that in person.
You're right here.
>> Speaker 2: I didn't want
to interrupt the flow.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Well I appreciate
you not interrupting my flow.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Okay, so
I think that I'm going to end
up stepping into
the solution a little bit.
Let's go to our.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Widgets,
let's go to our WidgetService.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes, so I would
love to see a jest for the interceptor.
Thank you.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
what I'm gonna do is I'm going to copy
just some of this here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We'll
go into WidgetService.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And the reason why
we're sending this BASE_URL here is
because we have JSON server
running in the background.
So hopefully this will
load a collection snap.
I think I've probably actually
overwritten this hold on.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Or
rather what I would bet,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Is if I go to server.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Mm-hm.
Hold on.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go
to github.com/onehungrymind.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Ha, it's in here.
So you can pull this off of master
because I've been building off of start.
This did not exist.
I'll just copy this.
And let's just paste this in.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go.
So this is one reason
why I love JSON Server.
Put the JSON on and
you get a REST API, boom.
Okay,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
now that I have stuff here,
let's go ahead and wire this up.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
split this horizontal.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Actually
that might be disconcerting.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What I'm gonna do is
I'm going to delete these widgets here and
we're going to get them from the server.
So the first thing that I need
to do is get the http module.
So we'll go constructor(private http:).
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And there we have it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Then from here,
loadWidgets,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
let's just do this inline real quick.
So we'll go this.http.get
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: BASE_URL
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: map response
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go subscribe,
let's go widgets.
>> Speaker 3: Lukas I think
you got your export statement.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What's that?
>> Speaker 3: Exporting the class.
Nevermind sorry.
And then to be.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Firstly, I'm working
on this much screen real estate.
So Headers, Http, and
let us see what happens.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: If this works,
I'm totally eating a cookie.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Well, how do we know?
Because I'm not calling it.
All right, let's go back here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So it would be
really handy if we actually called this.
So let's go into our widgets.component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
we'll just go widgetsService,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: loadWidgets.
Okay, so now we're at least calling it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Look at that, okay.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go.
So we're getting something, cool?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: But we actually
want to surface this into our component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So let's go.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's do this, In
our loadWidgets, we're going to actually
return the results of this call,
which is an observable.
And we're going to pull
off the subscribe block.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
let's actually see what happens,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: When we just dump this
out.
What this looks like.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So you can see here,
that we're getting an observable.
And it has some stuff on it,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That we can dig in,
yadda yadda yadda,
not incredibly important.
So at this point, we essentially
have this observable object,
that like a promise,
is we cannot access directly.
But what we can do is if we go back here,
like a promise,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We can go here,
subscribe.
Event in this case, or whatever.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Or result I think.
And then go this.widgets = result.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yay,
now what's happening
here is if you look at the JSON,
so we go here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Notice that the image
is essentially just a regular image,
like we're actually not able to resolve
that path like it doesn't exist.
And so
I'll show you one more demonstration.
If we go here,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We do this in
the items service.
And so this is where things
get super interesting,
that it's not possible to do these
kind of things with a promise.
>> Speaker 4: Can you break the line so
we can see it all?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'll break the line.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah yeah [LAUGH].
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This is
rather a verbose line of code.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I feel like maybe
I should just type this up by hand and
talk about it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: If I'm lucky,
this will actually work.
So with the observables, you can
stack your transformers on top of each
other as many times as you would like.
So in this case, because our data is
passing back an image property but
with no knowledge of the actual path
to where it lives on the server,
we need to update this object.
And so what we're getting now,
and so every transformer or
operator returns something.
So now we're getting essentially widgets.
And then what we want to return
is a new widgets object that is
a clone of
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Widgets.
Hold on.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Rather, hold on, hold
on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
I'm getting a little bit ahead of myself.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
we're just gonna loop through here.
So using widgets, .map so within this,
we're just going to return a new object.
So, we're actually introducing yet
another level of recursion or iteration.
Then we're going to go,
widget, okay back on track.
Widget,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
the property we want to adjust is image.
So we essentially want to
overwrite a new image property.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so
we're going to take our BASE_URL,
or rather our IMG_URL.
We'll break this down again, so
we can see this on one line.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: The widget.image
properties.
So this is,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What
am I missing here?
Why is this guy not happy?
Is it happy, is it happy,
is it happy, is it happy?
All right, let's see if this works
first and then we will walk through it.
Yes, it does.
So,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That
was clearly not my most
graceful swan dive.
But, let's just talk about what I doing.
So I'm getting the widgets, and really
all I need to do, is from the widgets,
I need to run through and
create a new widgets array
that has an updated image property.
And so the way that I'm
doing that is within here,
I'm calling widgets.map and
I'm mapping over the widget's collection.
And I'm using object.assign to
create a new widget object,
which is the result of taking
the original widget object,
and we're overwriting
the image property with,
essentially the image value on
the JSON object with a prepended image
URL, and so, that's why that renders.
And so essentially,
what we're doing is we're stacking this.
Now, let me show you one
other thing real quick.
Since we're talking about
the observerables and, I'm feeling feisty.
You can stack these up as
much as you would like.
The caveat is if you're going to use
an operator, just make sure to import it.
And let's
say,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We
wanted only widgets with an ID of one.
And so this is a really easy way to, let's
say you call the news and say give me all
the users, but I want to only see
the users that are active, for instance.
So this session might be,
let's go like this, widget.featured.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: In this case,
because this is Boolean,
we should see one widget in
here if I did not break it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That's okay.
Don't panic.
>> Speaker 2: Maybe.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Actually,
I'm wondering.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's do.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Intuitively,
I feel like this is right.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I feel like
I'm doing something silly here.
So, let's go here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You
just trace this out.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So, we're actually
just getting a single array here.
So I will abort this for a moment and
let's just stop, step back and
talk about what's happening.
In fact, what I even wanna do is let's
take off this second operator here.
Let's go into our widgets list component
and what I'm going to do is I'm
going to take this off, as well.
And so I just want to take five minutes,
cuz we're at 4:30 right now and
just go over this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go back here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so, we're
pulling in widgets from the REST API.
So if I go back here, just to prove this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go
remote you all, there we go.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Refresh it.
So you can see we're actually
pulling it in from the.
Let's just cover the mechanisms
real quick and then I will give you
a take home challenge, and then we will
chat in a Q&A for as long as you want.
In our widget service,
what we've done is we've imported a CTP.
We've then injected HTTP into our service
and then using the restful verbs.
In this case, get.
So, there's the simplest possible
rest call that you can make.
We are returning the result of that.
But first, we are mapping the results.
So we're simply saying, take the results
and convert it into a JSON structure.
Then within our component,
we consume it almost like a promise.
But instead of then,
we are using .subscribe.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So real quick,
let's go to see this in its entirety or
a version of it.
If we go to shared, item service.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Here we can see
now where we're mapping the URLs.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Then
to create an item.
We're calling post.
We're passing in the object and
the header, and we're just mapping
the response to JSON, and returning it.
And for delete, similar thing.
And then for update,
we're having to do a little bit of string
manipulation the rip-off our image path.
So then it goes back into our JSON
is just the image, but that aside.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Here we go.
So, we're actually deleting the image and
then just kind of setting it back.
So this is pure black magic
just to make this work, but
the main thing is we're calling patch.
We could do put and converting to payload,
sending the header and
all the header is is
Content-Type application JSON.
So we're just setting, so that our
server knows what it's dealing with.